[THINKING]
THESE STUDENTS SEEM TO
GIVE IT ALL THEY'VE GOT.
AND I'M HAPPY TO
TAKE IT ALL AWAY!
[ALARM BLARING]
DISPLAY VISUAL
SURVEILLANCE!
WELL, WELL, WELL.
MISTER GECKO.
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE NEXT.
THIS IS EXACTLY
WHAT HAPPENED TO JADEN.
SUDDEN ACUTE FATIGUE.
SEEMINGLY BROUGHT
ON BY DUELING.
YEP! QUESTION IS,
WHY NOW?
REMEMBER WHAT
JIM SAID?
ABOUT THE WEIRD
ENERGY?
AND HOW IT'S BEING
CAUSED BY OUR
BIOBANDS?
I'VE BEEN SAYING
THIS ALL ALONG!
YA KNOW, JIM BRINGS
UP A GOOD POINT.
I NEVER THOUGHT
OF THAT.
I DID, BUT NO ONE
LISTENS TO ME!
I'M JUST THE WIMPY
SIDEKICK WHO'S HERE
FOR EVERYONE'S
AMUSEMENT!
I'D NEVER HAVE
AN IDEA THAT
COULD HELP MOVE
THE PLOT ALONG!
Alexis: ANYWAY, GETTING
BACK TO JIM'S IDEA...
LET'S CONFRONT VIPER
ABOUT THESE BIOBANDS!
Syrus: I GIVE UP.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Crowler: ARE YOU SURE?
THESE ARE
SERIOUS ACCUSATIONS.
ALL I KNOW IS
STUDENTS ARE SHOWING
UP TO THE INFIRMARY
WITH VARYING LEVELS
OF INEXPLICABLE
FATIGUE.
I RAN A NUMBER
OF TESTS,
BUT SO FAR
THE RESULTS ARE
INCONCLUSIVE.
SO YOU HAVE NO PROOF.
PERHAPS THESE SLACKERS
JUST AREN'T
CHAMPIONSHIP MATERIAL.
I'M NO VIPER FAN,
BUT MAYBE MORE DISCIPLINE
IS JUST WHAT
THIS SCHOOL NEEDS.
ABSOLUTELY NOT!
WE NEED TO PUT THESE
SO-CALLED "SURVIVAL DUELS"
TO AN END TOUT SUITE!
WELL, WELL.
LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE'S
GOT THEIR PANTALOONS
IN A BUNCH.
LEAVE MY PANTALOONS
OUTTA THIS!
THIS MAY BE
A NEW CONCEPT
FOR YOU,
BUT I ACTUALLY CARE
ABOUT THESE KIDS!
Viper: NOW, NOW, GIRLS.
IF YOU REALLY CARE
ABOUT THESE STUDENTS,
THEN STOP SHELTERING THEM.
ISN'T TIME
YOU TOUGHENED UP.
THAT'S WHY I WAS HIRED.
IF I CAN BE FRANK,
CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD IS
LESS THAN IMPRESSED
WITH YOUR RESULTS.
NOW IT'S MY JOB TO
FIX YOUR MISTAKES.
HOW!? BY SENDING
ALL OUR STUDENTS
TO THE HOSPITAL!?
YOU WANNA
FIX THINGS?
THEN LOOK
AROUND YOU!
AS RIVETING AS THIS IS...
I HAVE A MEETING
WITH A PUPIL WHO NEEDS HELP.
GOOD DAY, LADIES.
YOU TOO, MS. FONTAINE.
HMPH.
WHAT'S WRONG?
IS THERE TROUBLE
IN MUNCHKINLAND?
BACK OFF
BEFORE SOMEONE DROPS
A HOUSE ON YOU!
Adrian: IT'S DAY FOUR,
AND DUELISTS
ARE COLLAPSING
LEFT AND RIGHT.
I THINK VIPER'S TO BLAME,
BUT I STILL HAVE NO PROOF.
AHEM.
HUH?
UH, HEY,
PROFESSOR VIPER.
IT HAS BEEN BROUGHT
TO MY ATTENTION
THAT YOU HAVEN'T
TAKEN PART
IN A SINGLE
SURVIVAL DUEL.
IS THERE SOMETHING
I SHOULD KNOW?
UH, NOTHING THAT
I CAN THINK OF.
I GUESS... I JUST HAVEN'T
FOUND THE RIGHT OPPONENT.
I TAKE COMPETITION
PRETTY SERIOUSLY.
AS WELL YOU SHOULD.
THAT BEING SAID...
FAILURE TO DUEL IS
AN INFRACTION
OF THE RULES.
IS THAT CLEAR?
I WOULD JUST HATE TO
HAVE YOU EXPELLED.
AFTER ALL, WHAT WOULD
THE GECKO FAMILY SAY
IF THEIR ELDEST SON
FAILED OUT OF PREP SCHOOL?
OR BETTER YET...
WHAT WOULD
THE MEDIA SAY?
WHY THEY'D HAVE
A FIELD DAY WITH YOU.
NOW THEN... YOU HAVE
'TIL TOMORROW NIGHT TO DUEL.
OR YOU'RE OUT.
IT'S ALL GOOD.
THANKS FOR
THE WARNING, SIR.
DON'T MENTION IT.
[BONAPARTE MUTTERING]
Blair:
MARCEL, SLOW DOWN!
WHAT'S YOUR DEAL!?
STOP RIGHT THERE!
OUI, OUI!
I COOKED ALL NIGHT!
AND IT WASN'T
FOR MY HEALTH.
IT WAS FOR YOURS!
AH, I ORDERED
IT TO GO.
I THOUGHT YOU
AMERICANS LIKED
TO EAT FAST FOOD.
THAT'S NOT FUNNY!
YOU NEED
YOUR ENERGY BACK.
DON'T MAKE ME
FORCE FEED YOU!
EH... WHAT EXACTLY
DID YOU COOK?
I TOLD YOU!
MY SECRET RECIPE.
IT MAY LOOK WEIRD,
BUT IT TASTES LIKE CHICKEN.
I KNOW YOU'RE USED
TO BEING ALONE,
BUT YOU NEED HELP.
NOW OPEN WIDE!
[THINKING]
BINGO. NOW LET'S SEE WHAT
YOU'RE HIDING, VIPER.
HUH? I GUESS IT'S NOT
WHAT YOU'RE HIDING;
IT'S WHERE YOU'RE HIDING.
AND WHEN I FIND
YOU IT'S GAME OVER!
[THINKING]
WHO KNEW THE STUDENT
BODY AT THIS SCHOOL
WOULD BE SO... USEFUL?
IN A FEW SHORT DAYS,
THEY'VE GIVEN ME MORE ENERGY
THAN I COULD HAVE IMAGINED.
INCREASING THE BIOBAND
ABSORPTION RATE WAS
A BRILLIANT IDEA.
ALTHOUGH THE RESULTS
SEEM TO'AVE DRAWN
SOME UNWANTED ATTENTION.
I SUPPOSE PROGRESS
ALWAYS COMES WITH A PRICE.
THAT'S FINE, JUST AS LONG
AS I'M NOT THE ONE PAYING.
SPEAKING OF PAYING A DEBT,
MY FRIEND MR. GECKO
OWES ME QUITE A BIT.
MEDDLING IN MY AFFAIRS
WILL COST YOU, MY BOY.
AND IT'S ABOUT TIME
I'VE COME TO COLLECT.
HA HA HA!
REQUESTING ACCESS
TO BIOBAND RESEARCH.
[THINKING]
I KNEW IT.
IT'S SOME KIND OF
AN ENERGY VACUUM.
WHEN IT'S SET TO LOW
IT SEEMS HARMLESS,
BUT IF IT'S MAXED-OUT,
IT CAN BE DEADLY!
THAT'S WHY HE
WANTS ME TO DUEL!
VIPER'S TRYING TO
SHUT ME UP! PERMANENTLY.
TOO BAD CATCHING A GECKO
IS TOUGHER THAN HE THINKS!
HEY, GUYS.
WHAT'S UP?
JUST WONDERING WHAT TIME
YOU'RE GOING TONIGHT?
GOING WHERE?
TO THE PARTY.
PARTY?
YOU WERE INVITED,
WEREN'T YOU?
EVEN I GOT ONE!
'COURSE HE WAS.
GO AHEAD.
TELL 'EM JAY.
MAYBE MINE GOT
LOST IN THE MAIL?
NICE TRY, BUT THEY WE
HAND DELIVERED
BY THAT NEW RICH KID
FROM EAST ACADEMY.
ADRIAN SOMETHING?
ANYWAY HE'S CALLING IT
"DUEL FOR JEWELS."
GECKO!
IF YOU ASK ME, IT'S JUST
A PATHETIC ATTEMPT
BY SOME LOSER
TO MAKE FRIENDS!
WISH I'D THOUGHT OF IT.
THE WORD
ON THE STREET IS,
ADRIAN'S A BIT
OF A SNOB.
I WOULDN'T BE
SURPRISED
IF HE ONLY INVITED
OBELISK BLUES
AND RA YELLOWS.
BIG DEAL.
I'M WAY TOO COOL
TO DUEL FOR JEWELS.
HA HA HA!
I THINK RHYMING'S FUNNY.
HEY, JAY?
IF YOU REALLY WANT
YOU CAN HAVE MY INVITE.
I'M NOT REALLY
INTO BIG PARTIES ANYWAY.
HOLD ON!
I HAVE AN EVEN
BETTER IDEA!
A SLIFER
SLUMBER PARTY!
HUH?
GOOD THINKIN'!
YEAH, SY!
WE CAN STAY UP ALL NIGHT
AND TALK ABOUT TRAP CARDS
AND DUELING STRATEGIES.
HUH?
YOU SERIOUS?
WHY, OF COURSE HE IS!
I DON'T JOKE
ABOUT CARDS!
LET'S SEE WHAT YOU'RE
ALL ABOUT, GECKO.
WHAT'S UP, BOSS?
CHECKING OUT
THE OJAMA
FANCLUB WEBSITE?
WE HAVE FANS!?
IN YOUR DREAMS.
I KNOW HIM!
HE'S THE WHO'S
RICHER, SMARTER,
AND MORE FAMOUS
THAN YOU!
[THINKING]
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT!
"ADRIAN GECKO: TOP-RANKING
STUDENT AT EAST ACADEMY.
"VOTED RICHEST, SMARTEST,
AND MOST FAMOUS DUELIST
IN THE COUNTRY"!?
WHAT!? LET'S CHECK OUT YOUR
PERSONAL HISTORY THEN, DORK!
"THE GECKO FINANCIAL GROUP
IS A MULTI-BILLION-DOLLAR
"WORLD-LEADING CONGLOMERATE.
CLICK HERE
FOR MORE DETAILS."
AW, COME ON!
NO ONE DENIES THE CHAZZ!
DON'T YOU PEOPLE KNOW
WHO YOU'RE DEALING WITH!?
THERE'S ONLY ROOM
FOR ONE SPOILED RICH KID
AT THIS SCHOOL,
AND THAT'S ME!
ERR!
LOOK AT
THE BRIGHT SIDE, BOSS.
AT LEAST YOU HAVE US!
HA HA HA!
ENOUGH!
LEAVE ME ALONE!
WHO CARES IF HE'S
RICHER THAN ME!
AND SO WHAT IF
HE'S MORE POWERFUL!?
I'M REALLY GOOD
AT PLAYING CARD GAMES!
AND WE ALL KNOW THAT'S
WHAT LIFE IS ALL ABOUT, ANYWAY!
TAKE IT EASY, BOSS!
YOU'LL POP
A BLOOD VESSEL!
WHO CARES!?
I'LL JUST BUY A NEW ONE!
DO YOU HEAR ME,
ADRIAN GECKO!?
BY THE WAY WHAT KIND OF
A NAME IS "ADRIAN GECKO" ANYWAY?
I'VE GOT A MUCH
COOLER NAME!
AND UNLIKE YOU, I'VE ALSO
GOT MY OWN CATCH-PHRASE!
CHAZZ IT UP!
AAH!
NOT AGAIN!
I HATE IT WHEN HE
CONJURES LIGHTNING!
DITTO!
DITTO.
DID YOU TRY
THE MEATBALLS YET?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THIS IS ALL FREE.
THIS KID SURE KNOWS
HOW TO THROW A PARTY.
Blair: OPEN THE TUNNEL,
'CAUSE HERE COMES THE TRAIN.
AH, I'LL PASS.
MORE LIKE YOU'LL
PASS OUT!
YOU'RE WEAK,
AND YOU NEED FOOD.
NOW EAT!
YES, M'AM.
AHEM.
HUH?
WHAT'S UP!?
FOR THOSE OF YOU
WHO DON'T KNOW ME,
I'M ADRIAN.
AND THANKS FOR SHOWING
UP TO MY FIRST EVER
"DUEL FOR JEWELS" SHINDIG!
ITS ONE PART
CARD-PLAYING TOURNAMENT...
ONE PART SOIREE...
AND A WHOLE LOTTA
KICKIN' BUTT AND MAKIN' NOISE!
I LOVE THIS GUY!
PARTY ON!
OH YEAH...
I ALMOST FORGOT!
WHAT'S A TOURNAMENT...
WITHOUT A GRAND PRIZE!?
IT'S MY FAMILY'S MOST
VALUABLE POSSESSION!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
I GIVE YOU, THE JEWEL DISK!
[STUDENTS GASPING]
AWESOME! MARCEL, YOU
HAFTA DUEL ME SO I CAN WIN!
CAN'T WE EAT?
TIME TO CRASH
YOUR PARTY, VIPER.
I'M SURE BY NOW MR. GECKO
HAS FOUND HIMSELF A DUEL.
HIS LAST DUEL.
EVEN IF HE'S FIGURED OUT
MY PLAN...
HE WOULD NEVER
RISK EXPULSION.
ADRIAN WOULD SOONER PUT
HIS OWN LIFE IN DANGER
THAN TARNISH
THE GECKO FAMILY NAME.
AND I AIM TO PLEASE.
SO I'VE TURNED
THE BIOBAND ABSORPTION RATE
UP TO ELEVEN!
WHICH MEANS THERE'S
NO WAY HE'LL SURVIVE.
YOU'RE MINE, GECKO!
ALRIGHT!
IT'S TIME
TO DUEL FOR JEWELS!
All: GAME ON!
[THINKING]
NOW IF VIPER
PUTS ME AT RISK,
HE PUTS THE WHOLE SCHOOL
AT RISK!
I GUESS ITS TIME TO HOLD UP
MY END OF THE BARGAIN...
AND FIND AN OPPONENT.
HUH? OH, NO!
[THINKING]
WITH MY SYSTEM
SET TO MAXIMUM,
I'LL WIPE OUT
THE ENTIRE STUDENT BODY!
OHH!
GECKO...
YOU'LL PAY FOR THIS.
NOW... WHO TO DUEL.
Chazz: I CAN MAKE THAT
DECISION REAL EASY
FOR YOU, GECKO!
WHO ARE YOU?
YOUR WORST NIGHTMARE.
NEED A LIFT!?
IS THE COAST CLEAR?
I DON'T THINK
THEY'LL APPRECIATE US
STEALING THEIR FOOD.
WE WERE INVITED!
WE'RE JUST GETTING
IT TO GO!
AND WITH
ALL THAT GRUB...
WHO'S GONNA MISS
A FEW DOZEN STEAKS?
AH, GUYS?
I THINK WE'VE
BEEN SPOTTED.
Jesse: NAH, THEY'RE JUST
AIRLIFTIN' THE FOOD IN.
Syrus: FOOD SCHMOOD!
THAT'S CHAZZ!
Jaden: YEAH!
AND THAT'S THE KID
WHO LEFT ME OFF
HIS GUEST LIST!
AND I SMELL A DUEL!
I GOTTA SAY, I LIKE
YOUR STYLE, BRO.
FIRST OF ALL MY
NAME'S THE CHAZZ!
SECOND OF ALL
WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT STYLE!?
YOU'VE GOT
PURPLE HAIR,
AND YOU'RE WRAPPED
IN MY MOM'S OLD
LIVING ROOM CURTAINS!
WELL GUESS WHAT?!
IT'S TIME
FOR A MAKE-OVER!
WHAT'S THAT
S'POSTA MEAN?
I'M NOT SURE!
CAN WE GET ON
WITH THIS!?
WHY NOT?
THE SOONER I BEAT YOU...
THE LESS BAD DIALOGUE
I HAFTA HEAR!
[THINKING]
AND SPEAKING
OF WALKING CLICES,
I WONDER WHAT
VIPER IS DOING?
IF I HAD TO GUESS,
I'D SAY RIGHT ABOUT NOW
HE'S FRANTICALLY
POWERING DOWN
HIS LITTLE BIOBAND SYSTEM.
AFTER ALL, SENDING
EIGHTY STUDENTS
TO THE INFIRMARY
PROBABLY ISN'T
THE BEST CAREER MOVE.
ALRIGHT, YOU READY CHAZZ?
THE NAME IS
"THE" CHAZZ!
A DUEL IN MIDAIR??
YEAH.
GAME ON!
SINCE I'M THE RICHER ONE,
I'LL START!
COOL?
I ACTIVATE
MY LUCKY CLOUD!
SO NOW IF I'M LUCKY
ENOUGH TO DRAW
TWO OF THE SAME
MONSTERS...
THEN GET THIS: I CAN
DRAW TWO NEW CARDS!
HEY IT LOOKS LIKE
THE CLOUDS ARE LIFTING.
BUT I'M GONNA
HAFTA CHANGE THAT
BY PLAYING SUMMON CLOUD!
LAME.
DON'T KNOCK IT 'TIL YOU
SEE WHAT IT CAN DO!
'CAUSE NOW I CAN
SUMMON TWO NEW MONSTERS!
SO NEXT I PLAY THESE!
TWO CLOUDIAN
SHEEP CLOUDS!
AND THEY BOTH
HAVE THE SAME NAME!
SO THAT MEANS...
I GET TO DRAW TWO CARDS
THANKS TO MY
LUCKY CLOUD SPELL!
YOUR FUTURE'S LOOKING
OVERCAST, CHAZZ!
SO TAKE COVER!
I'VE NEVER SEEN
CARDS LIKE THAT!
THIS GIVES
"HAVING YOUR HEAD
IN THE CLOUDS"
A WHOLE NEW MEANING!
LOOKS LIKE A LOT
OF FLUFF TO ME!
I PLAY THIS!
DIFFERENT
DIMENSION HANGAR!
THIS MAGIC CARD
ALLOWS ME TO DRAW
THREE UNION MONSTERS
FROM MY DECK.
ONCE I REMOVE THEM
FROM PLAY
THE FUN CAN BEGIN!
'CAUSE AFTER I
SUMMON A MONSTER,
I CAN BRING
ONE BACK!
THEN I CAN FUSE
BOTH CARDS TOGETHER!
SO I SUMMON V-TIGER JET
IN ATTACK MODE!
[GROWLS]
THEN I'LL BRING BACK
W-WING CATAPULT!
NOW I'LL
COMBINE THEM!
IN ORDER TO FORM
VW TIGER CATAPULT!
YOU MAY HAVE
A BUNCH OF CLOUDS,
BUT I'VE GOT
THE PERFECT STORM!
I DISCARD ONE CARD
FROM MY HAND,
SWITCHING YOUR
COTTON BALL
TO ATTACK MODE!
THIS SHOULD
CLEAR THE AIR!
NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
MY PREMATURE
BURIAL SPELL!
FOR EIGHT HUNDRED
LIFE POINTS...
I CAN RESURRECT
A CARD!
LIKE MY
X-HEAD CANNON!
AND THANKS TO
HIS SPECIAL EFFECT,
I CAN ALSO SUMMON
Y-DRAGON HEAD
AND Z-METAL TANK!
AND NEXT I'LL
COMBINE THEM!
MEET XYZ-DRAGON
CANNON!
HAVE YOU HEARD
THE LATEST
WEATHER REPORT?
THEY SAY THIS
CLOUD COVER'S
GONNA BREAK!
AAH!
Jaden: CHAZZ IS
KICKING BUTT,
AND HE HASN'T EVEN
PLAYED HIS OJAMAS!
BUT I THOUGHT YOU
SAID THOSE WERE
HIS FAVORITE CARDS!?
THEY ARE.
BUT THEY HAVE THIS
LOVE/HATE THING.
HE HATES
HIS MONSTERS?
SHEESH. THAT BOY'S
GOT SOME ISSUES.
HEY!
WONDERING HOW I WENT
FROM TWO CLOUD TOKENS
TO FOUR!?
ALL I HAD TO DO WAS
SACRIFICE MY CLOUDIAN
SHEEP CLOUD.
SUMMON ALL
THE DUST-BUNNIES
YOU WANT!
'CAUSE MY
NEXT CARD...
IS FIVE CARDS
IN ONE!
NO WAY! IS HE DOING WHAT
I THINK HE IS!?
I FUSE VW CATAPULT
WITH XYZ-DRAGON
CANNON TO FORM...
VWXYZ-DRAGON
CATAPULT CANNON!
THAT THERE'S
SOME HEAVY METAL!
NOW FOR ITS
SPECIAL EFFECT!
ONCE EVERY TURN...
I REMOVE A CARD
FROM YOUR FIELD!
LIKE ONE
OF YOUR CLOUDS!
NOT QUITE!
CLOUD TOKENS DON'T
COUNT AS CARDS!
THANKS FOR THE TIP.
BUT I MEANT
THAT ONE!
SUMMON CLOUD!
WHAT'S WRONG?
CAN'T YOU SEE
THAT GRAY SKIES
ARE GONNA CLEAR UP,
SO PUT ON A HAPPY FACE!
GUESS WHAT, GUYS!
YOU'RE NOT GONNA BELIEVE
THIS BUT I'M ACTUALLY
ROOTING FOR CHAZZ!
GET IT RIGHT, SY.
DON'T YOU MEAN
"THE" CHAZZ?
YEAH, HAVEN'T
YOU NOTICED?
CHAZZ SPENDS THE MAJORITY
OF HIS TIME THINKING
OF WAYS TO PROVE HE'S
COOLER THAN EVERYONE ELSE.
HE EVEN MADE UP
HIS OWN CHEER.
SHOW 'IM, SY.
Syrus: CHAZZ IT UP!
CHAZZ IT UP!
NOT BAD!
WISH I COULD AFFORD
A CHEER LIKE THAT!
I PLAY A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
[THINKING]
WHY DOES THIS
GUY SEEM SO CALM?
HURRICANE CHAZZ IS
ABOUT TO BLOW
HIM APART,
AND HE'S
ON CLOUD NINE!
[THINKING]
REMEMBER, CHAZZ,
WHAT STARTS
WITH A FEW DARK CLOUDS,
CAN END
IN A DEVASTATING STORM!
AND I PREDICT A MAJOR
DISTURBANCE IN THE AIR!